Collage Litterature--> Kalavai Ilakkiyam

Fleeting, I’m fully aware that every career is fleeting in some respects.”

Please process the attached files and advise when we can expect this to be completed.

In the immortal words of Captain James T. Kirk of the USS Enterprise:Scotty, we need more power!

"Woman begins by resisting a man's advances, and ends by blocking his retreat." —Oscar Wilde

A botnet is a network of computers that have been infected by a virus that allows a hi-tech criminal to use them remotely. Often botnet controllers steal data from victims' PCs or use the machines to send out spam or carry out other attacks.

Strauss-Kahn Is Released as Case Teeters

Any interruptions should last no more than 5 minutes

deference (noun)
An attitude of yielding one's opinion to another's wishes. 

Out of deference to the Queen, the visitor praised the fish soup, even though he did not actually like it. 

I just picked up your message as I was in a meeting when you called

Alice Walker’s prize-winning novel exemplifies the strength of first-person narratives; the protagonist tells her own story so effectively that any additional commentary would be superfluous
superfluous-Unneccssary

"A mind once stretched by a new idea, never goes back to it's original dimensions." — Oliver Wendell Holmes

I don't usually handle that, but I'd be happy to look into it.

Managers – Please post in your departments for those without email.  Thank you. 

I was wondering if you completed this file

Doyne has recruited teachers who encourage creativity rather than rote learning

All of these issues should now be resolved. 

Event Horizon - Concept in physics-point of no return

Are we deleting these yet?

During this time, please refrain from logging any work into any of the Intranet sites (i.e. PMO, Help Desk, etc) as your submissions may not be saved/recorded.

The sociologist's study concluded that there is no evidence that the death penalty serves to deter crime. 

I have all but the Practitioner Reject, Third Party Audit, STF Revised Roster and STF Adjustment completed.

Mr. Duncan’s four children and four grandchildren stand to collect billions that in any other year would have gone to the Treasury

alcove

It's clogging our mailbox

If orders didn’t make it to S3 in the AOC module that means it will be in the STF module as receipt of shipment and this is where you will key the AOC

J.D. Salinger turned his back on success and adulation, becoming the Garbo of letters, famous for not wanting to be famous

adulation--excessive admiration

Javan ended up working there full time for some years as I recall

seeming unaffected by pleasure or pain; impassive
  Synonym: stoical

Please continue to shop as your request is being freshly prepared.

Buddhist saying: “Before enlightenment, chop wood, carry water; after enlightenment, chop wood, carry water.”
There is a yogi saying that people don’t die of disease; they die when their life is completed.

Chemotherapy made me more and more lethargic 
Lethargic - Lacking in mental alertness and activity 

I swear to God I’ll fucking take this ball and shove it down your fucking throat! Do you hear me? I swear to God. 
You better be

Where do you suggest we put test files?

Wayne is out sick today

Rendition of terror suspects will continue under Obama.
Extradition of fugitive who has fled to another state.

Stagnation does not happen because of staying in the same agency. It happens when you get bored.

David Wright was examined after he was hit in the helmet by a fastball, later hospitalized with a concussion.
Concussion - Pain caused by the impact of collision.

Paula abdul was being treated differently from the men, that feeling was excerbated by the producer's decision to add Kara DioGuardi as a fourth judge.
excerbated - aggravated,exasoerate

There has been a change instituted in footprints.  

The same day he landed in North Korea, she arrived in Kenya, beginning an 11-day journey through Africa — a visit now largely eclipsed by her husband’s travels.

I was willing to endure a life of poverty to do the puzzle creation- will shortz

Frugal traveler -- inexpensive 

Though, to be fair, what Sara was not going to do was write a book in three months, 
as opposed to swearing off writing books entirely

Procrastination 

Too much saw sharpening, or random, aimless saw sharpening, can become another form procrastination.

stunod -- stupid or crazy

Office is closed due to inclement weather.
(Stormy, showing no clemency )

Lahore Test scrapped after attack on srilankan cricketers

Bangaladesh arrested mutineers 
Open rebellion against constituted authority, especially rebellion of sailors against superior officers.

Tarter - A hard yellowish deposit on the teeth 

Uncanny valley - Unearthly, beyond what is natural?

sabbaticals(is a rest from work, a hiatus, typically 2 months plus)

"Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning."

- Bill Gates

Judge Berates Prosecutors in Trial of Senator 
berate-repriminding loudly.

toxic loans
high risk loans, i.e. when people borrow large sums of money while being unable to repay them, creating what is known as 'bad debt'

But the Yankee's early exit has not dampened the sense of nostalgia around the ground. 
dampened - weakened

What's the difference between a hockey mom and a pit bull? Lipstick." 
No pit bulls! No pit bulls!" — a reference to Palin's joke that lipstick is the only thing that sets hockey moms like her apart from the dogs.

Like Many programmers,Jeff Atwood has been historically ambivalent about javascript.
ambivalent -- characterised by mixture of opposite feelings or attitudes.

nitpicker- Someone makes small and unjustified critism,A person who finds fault.

We won't allow the death of our compatriots go unpunished." 

Before the EEOC filed the lawsuit against Champion National Security, it tried to resolve the case, but in vain.

We're seeing both statistical and anecdotal evidence of very rapidly weakening demand picture
(Based on casual observations or indications rather than rigorous or scientific analysis)

President George Bush announced the American Moon initiative in 2004, but Dr Griffin would not be drawn on whether it mattered if China got there before the United States.
(did not make a comment about something although he was asked about it )

There's a very laid-back atmosphere in Barbados(Laid-back - to be relaxed).

China could put people on the Moon within the next decade, if it so wishes. 
(If it wants to)

nemesis
a strong enemy who is difficult to beat 

Tempers flared in the intense heat with people shouting and surging forward.
(Tempers flared - people got very agnry)

If there is one thing you learned along the way that you would tell new developers, what would it be?

That guy over there that you think is so smart is just a man just like you, trying to be the best programmer he can be (hopefully) just like you.

Hoped justice would prevail --> win out,to be or become effective
a region where snow and ice prevail. - most common, frequent.

If you stay up late enough you will get to see santa.

Normal cells metabolize sugars to produce energy using their mitochondria. Cancer cells don't usually use their mitochondria - they use an entirely different metabolic pathway. It's called the Warburg effect

order for the mail center to be able to retrieve batches within the required 24 hours that we are contractually obligated.

I don’t believe in borders, in barriers, in flags. I think that we all belong, independent of latitude and longitude, to the same family, the human family

From the Greek ?t?µ??, meaning "not divisible into smaller parts", 

Fashion is what seems beautiful now but looks ugly later; art can be ugly at first but it becomes beautiful later